Speaker: Time is of the essence for any cyclist. Responsibility can become an obstacle during critical training periods. This year, Mark
Cavendish also maintained a rigorous training schedule while developing and releasing the Cavendish family of products named after it.
MARK CAVENDISH: The Cavendish brand symbolizes everything I represent. Look at these bikes. Look at these helmets.
Look at these costumes and attention to detail, which makes my play perfect or close to perfection, you know?
Speaker: The event marks the first time that Specialized has designed the entire production line for the driver, let Cavendish
Became one of the best athletes with their own branded products.
MARK CAVENDISH: Every time I seriously understand how I want it.
Really, this is not just putting my name in it. I participated in the design and were very satisfied with the results.
We want to explain every design through performance, you know? Speed, feeling, performance, make everything speak for themselves.
Therefore it is very simple and low-key. Speaker: Cavendish has become the most popular driver in the sport.
What followed was to manage these responsibilities and prepare for the most important game of the year.
As this year's Tour de France is approaching, the Astana team has arrived in Ypres to learn about the most important stages of the event.
JAKOB FUGLSANG: We have to take a look at the fifth country that the event has passed. We will look around and find out about the situation.
Speaker: Today's Tour de France will include nine cobblestone stages in the route from Ypres to Allenberg. The team came here to scout the route
And equipment testing on the toughest terrain. Speaker 2: Very difficult. In addition, none of us are good at riding on cobblestone roads.
So we get together and everyone looks very comfortable with the cobblestone pavement.
Speaker: After the start of the season, as one of the most popular drivers, Vincenzo Nibali is not yet in 2014
I have been on the podium for the year. The Italian driver has been slow during the past and he is looking forward to achieving excellent results in the Tour de France. VINCENZO
NIBALI: [Italian]
Speaker 2: This will be very difficult. I think everyone knows this. This stage is very harsh. Maybe you need to fight 150 kilometers.
Speaker: For all cycling teams, as the Tour de France approaches, the pressure naturally increases. The team is looking forward to adjusting their approach and
Try every possible way to improve the solution.
Mark Cavendish and Omega Pharma Quick-Step have arrived at the Specialized Wind Tunnel.
Learn the best way to sprint and ride Cavendish to end the game.
Nibali is also struggling for progress, and he is already familiar with his car's big wheel, S-Works Tarmac. VINCENZO
NIBALI: [Italian]
Speaker: Improvements to the new tarmac model include a comprehensive design that greatly complements all aspects of performance, especially up and down.
Speaker 3: Stiffness is - you can feel it. It's at the front end so you can ride more easily.
Speaker 4: The shift in focus is better, safer, and closer. You can feel the bike underneath.
Speaker: For all drivers, the critical moment is approaching. Soon they will know all these training, testing, equipment, research and competition
Will it help them get the most coveted awards in the sport?